well Hawaiian sumo legend Konishi feels
like your Asian cuisine he goes in to go
for Italian it's off to antipasto Makua
steakhouse christy cha cha cha salsaria
from Mexican maguro Yaffa great sushi
and who knows how many restaurants Alita
tomorrow night but no matter where we
eat you'll be paying with his Visa card
because like so many other great places
in Hawaii these restaurants don't take
American Express Teresa
it's everywhere you want to be your
period for example you're ready to crash
it's done raring to go at least now
there's new Kotex overnight with wings
and body fit need to curve and conform
to your body however you live it's
serious protection so you can rest easy
hit the snooze bar and dream of some
gorgeous creature named Carlos make
everyday a day at the beach get to the
2001 pontiac summer clearance and get
into a new wide track Grand Prix it has
a standard v6 abs and traction control
plus it's wheels are set wide for better
control and grip in the curves and now a
2001 Grand Prix comes with 0% APR
financing for two thousand cash back
that's what you're gonna get this is
where you gotta go what makes the new
crispy Caesar twister from KFC more than
just another sandwich
it's the chicken it's a soft warm
tortilla it's the juiciest chicken with
ripe tomato cheese Parmesan cheese
chicken crisp lettuce Krissi noodles too
crispy all white meat freshly prepared
chicken strips is hot ball topped with
creamy Caesar dressing is cool for a
limited time get a crispy Caesar twister
and a Pepsi for just $2.99 all this for
$2.99
but don't expect just another sandwich
you're getting a twister
okay a little change nothing crazy so I
picked up new garni
it's different because it was like this
and it smells great now I feel color Fox
Tuesday 10 ordinary people from all over
America will enter this quiet New
England town what they discover will
shock you
they disturb you
Fox crew sucks the next generation of
reality television in small-town X the
mystery begins at 9:00 8:00 central fox
tuesday preview of this summer's action
extravaganza planet in all new special
at 8:00 7:00 central Fox Wednesday